---
title: TED | Why Do Cats Act so Weird
date: 2020-05-25 09:41:28
categories: Everything
tags: [TED,English]
notshow: true
hide: true
---

<center>A New Week!</center>
<!--more-->

{% cq %}
Last Week → {% post_link TED-TrySomethingNewfor30days Try Something New for 30 Days %}
{% endcq %}


# Why Do Cats Act so Weird?
- [Why Do Cats Act so Weird?](https://www.ted.com/talks/tony_buffington_why_do_cats_act_so_weird)
- 2020.05.25

They are cute, they are lovable. And judging by the 26 billion views of over 2 millon youtude videos of ~~they~~ **them** pouncing, bouncing, climbing, ~~criming~~**cramming**, ~~stacking~~**stalking**, chattering（喋喋不休） and purring（猫喘鸣）, one thing is certain~~ed~~, cats are very entertainning.

~~The someone~~ **These somewhat** strange ~~feel on~~ **feline**(猫科的) behaviors both amusing and ~~bathing~~**baffling**(令人困惑的), ~~maybe~~ **leave many of us** asking, why do cats do that?

~~The rough~~ **Throughout** time, cats were simultaneously ~~predictors~~**predators**(食肉动物；掠食者) ~~and~~ **of smaller** animals and prey（被捕食动物） for large **carnivores**(食肉动物；食虫植物) . As both **predator** and ~~prayer~~ **prey**, ~~survive~~ **survival of their species depended** ~~depends~~ on ~~their and uncrucious~~ **crucial instinctual**(关键本能) behaviors, which **we** still observe~~d~~ in wild and **domestic** cats today.

While the **feline** actions ~~cats~~ **of** your house cat~~s~~ **Grizmo might seem perplexing(使困惑),** in the wild**, these** ~~the~~ same behavior**s** naturally ~~bring in~~ **bred into** cats for million**s of** years**,** would ~~made~~ **Grizmo**  a super cat. 

Enable by their unique **muscular** ~~mas~~ structure and keen ~~bouncing~~ **balancing abilities** ~~ability~~, cats climb**ed** to high ~~adventure~~ **vantage**(优势，有利地位) point**s** to **survey their territory** ~~the~~ and ~~spout prayer~~ **spot prey** in the wild. **Grizmo** doesn't need particular skill**s** to find and hunt down dinner in her food ~~ball~~ **bowl** today, but **instinctually**(本能地) ~~instantiously~~, ~~even~~ **viewing** the living room from the top of the bookcase is exactly what she has **evolved** to do.

As wild ~~predictors~~ **predators**, cat has  **opportunistic** and hunt whenever **prey** ~~are~~ **is** available. Since most cat~~s~~ prey **are** small**, cats in the** ~~catching~~ wild need**ed to** eat many times each day, and **use a stalk, pounce, kill,** ~~its stack pounching~~ eat strategy ~~is~~ stay **fed** . This is why **Grizmo** ~~cats~~ prefer**s** to ~~chess~~ **chase** and pounce on **little** toys and eat small meals over the ~~quarts~~ **courses** of day and night. Also**,** small prey **tend to hide in** ~~high and~~ tiny spaces in the natural environments, so one **explanation for Grizmo's propensity to reach into containers and** ~~for for pensity for rich entercontrainer~~ opening is that she **is compelled** ~~compare~~ by the same curiosity **that helped ensure the continuation of her species** ~~they hope continue~~ for million**s of** years before.

In the wild, cats need**ed** to **sharp claws** ~~close~~ for climbing, **hunting, and self-defense.**~~pouncing,~~ **Sharpening** thier **claws on nearby surfaces kept them conditioned and ready,** ~~by cap them condition~~ help**ed** stretch their back and ~~like~~ **leg** muscle**s**, **and relieve** some **stress,** too. So it is **not that Grizmo hates your** ~~nothing~~ couch, chair, **ottoman,** pillows, curtains and everything **else** you put in their environment. She **is ripping these things to shreds（碎片，破布）** ~~needs to rip~~ and keep**ing** her ~~clause~~ **claws in tip-top(极好的) shape** ~~to top shade,~~ because this is exactly what her ancestor**s** did in order to survive. 

As animals ~~to~~ **that were preyed upon** , cats **evolved** to not get **caught, and** ~~close~~ in the wild, **the cats that were the best at avoiding predators thrived**. So at your house today, ~~even~~ **Grizmo is an** expert at squeezing ~~in~~ **into** small spaces and seeking out and hiding **in unconventonal(非传统地) spots** ~~un~~. It also **explains why she** prefer**s** ~~at~~ **a** clean~~ing~~ and ~~older free~~ **odor-free**(无异味地) little box. That **is less likely to** give **away** her ~~vacation~~ **location to any predactors that may be sniffing**(嗅探) ~~and~~ around ~~you by~~ **nearby**.

Considering everything ~~you~~ **we** do know about cats, it seems **that** one of ~~the~~ **their** most ~~predominant~~ **predominate** behavior**s is** still one of the most ~~weird~~ **mysterious**(神秘的，难以理解的). Cats may pur*r* for any number of reasons, such as happiness, stress and hunger. But curiously, the frequency of they ~~pur~~ **purrs** between 25 and 150 **hertz,** is within a range **that** can **promote** tissue(组织，纸巾) **re**generation. So ~~why~~ **while her** purring **makes Grizmo an** ~~and~~ excellent **nap companion**, it is also possible that her pur**r** is healing **her** muscles and bones, and ~~even~~ maybe **even yours,** too.

They develope**ed** through time and ~~soli~~ **solitary(孤独的，独居的) predactors that** ~~predic~~ hunted and killed **to eat, and stealthy（秘密的，鬼鬼祟祟的） prey that hid and escaped** ~~they eat still feel~~ to survive. So cats today retain many **of the** same ~~things~~ **instincts** allow**ed** them to ~~fly~~ **thrive**(兴盛，茁壮) in the wild for millions of years. This explain**s** some of **their seemlingly** strange behaviors**.**  To them, our homes are their jungles. But ~~it fits~~ **if this is** the case**, in** our own cat's eyes, who **are we? Big, dumb, hairless cats** ~~will~~ competing with them with resource **?**~~,~~ Terribly stupid **predactors** they **are** able to **outsmart**(用计谋打败) everyday**?** Or maybe they think we are the prey.

# How Sugar Affects the Brain
- [How Sugar Affects the Brain](https://www.ted.com/talks/nicole_avena_how_sugar_affects_the_brain/up-next#t-7442)
- 2020.05.27

~~Patient~~ **Picture** warm, **gooey**(蜜糖) cookies, **crunchy**(易碎的；发嘎吱嘎吱声的) candies, **velvety**(天鹅绒般柔软的) cakes, ~~walfe corns~~ **waffle cones**(华夫蛋筒) **piled high with** ice cream. Is your mouth watering? are you **craving**(渴望) desserts? Why? What happens in the brain that makes sugary foods so ~~hot~~ **hard** to **resist**? 

Sugar is a general term you used to describe a class of molecules (分子) called carbohydrates （碳水化合物） and it is found in **a** wide ~~ated~~ **variety of** food~~s~~ and drink~~s~~. Just check the labels on ~~three~~ **sweet** products you buy. Glucose( 葡萄糖), fructose (果糖), sucrose (蔗糖), maltose (麦芽糖), lactose (乳糖), dextrose (葡萄糖,右旋糖) and starch (淀粉) are all forms of sugar.~~, such as~~ **So are high-fructose** corn syrup (玉米糖浆), fruit juice, raw sugar and honey. And sugar isn't just in candies and in desserts, it is also ~~acted~~ **added** to ~~make~~ tomato sauce, yoghurt, ~~dry~~ **dried** fruit, flavor**ed** water~~,~~ **or granola** (格兰诺拉麦片) bars.

**Since** sugar is everywhere. It\'s important to understand how it affects the brain. What happends when sugar hits your tongue? And does eating a little bit **of** sugar make you crave more?

You take a bite of cereal (麦片粥), the sugar**s** that it contains ~~act~~ **activate** the sweet**-taste receptors** ~~tastal~~ , part of **the** taste **buds** (萌芽；蓓蕾) on the tongue.~~, this was~~ **These receptors** send **a** signal up to the brain **stem** ((花草的)茎, (树木的)干) ~~stand~~, and from there, it **forks off into** ~~and any~~ **many** area**s of the forebrain** ~~full brain~~, one of which is the cerebral cortex (大脑皮层). Different sections of cerebral cortex ~~provide us~~ **process** different tastes: bitter, salty, umami (鲜味；甘味) ,and, in our case, sweet. From here, the signal ~~activative~~ **activates** the brain**'s** ~~rewarm~~ **reward** system. This ~~rewarm~~ **reward** system is ~~ceres that~~ **a series of electrical and** chemical ~~pass away and~~ **pathways across**  several different ~~regimes~~ **regions of** ~~in~~ the brain. It is a compicated network, but it helps **answer a** ~~and~~ single **, subconscious** (下意识的;潜意识的) question, should I do that again? that warm **fuzzy feeling** you ~~get~~ **got** when you ~~takes~~ **taste Grandma's** chocolate cake? that **is** your ~~rewarm~~ **reward** system saying, 'Mmm, yes!' And it's not just ~~make it~~ **activated** by foods. Socializing, sex behavior and drugs are just **a** few examples **of things and experiences that** ~~but~~ also activative the ~~rewarm~~ **reward** system.But overactivating this ~~rewarm~~ **reward** system **kickstarts a series of** ~~ceres and~~ unfortunate ~~develops,~~ **events:** loss of control, ~~pre~~ **craving,** and increase**d tolerance to** sugar. 

Let's get back to our bite of cereal. It travels down ~~and to~~ **into** your stomach and eventually into your **gut** (内脏；肠子). And guess what? **There are** sugar ~~accepted ~~ **receptors** here, too. There are no taste ~~buts~~ **buds,** but they do ~~same~~ **send** signals telling your brain that you are full **or that** ~~all~~ your body should **produce** ~~put~~ more insulin (胰岛素) to deal with these extra sugars you **are** eating. 

The ma**jor** currency of **our reward** ~~rewarm~~ system is dopamine (多巴胺（一种治脑神经病的药物）), ~~but~~ **an important** chemical or ~~neural~~ **neurotransmitter** . There are many dopamine ~~recepted~~ **receptors** in ~~whole~~ **the fore**brain but there are not evenly ~~should be~~ **distributed**. Certain areas contain~~ing~~ **dense clusters of receptors,** ~~cost and , ~~ and ~~its~~ **these** dopamine **hot** spots ~~or~~ **are a** part of **our reward** ~~the rewarm~~ system. Drugs~~, ,~~ **likes** alcohol**, nicotine, or heroin** send dopamine into overdrive, leading some people to sonstantly ~~sick~~ **seek that** high, in ~~another~~ **other** words, to be **addicted.** Sugar also causes dopamine to be **released, though not as violently as grugs.**~~don't know it's~~ And sugar is ~~very amount~~ **rare among** dopamine**-inducing** foods. **Broccoli** (花椰菜；西兰花), for sample, has no~~t~~ affect~~ed~~, which probably explains why **it's** so hard to **get kids to** eat their **veggies**(蔬菜).

Speaking of healthy foods, let's ~~set~~ **say** you **are** hungry and decide to eat a balance**d** meal. You do, and dopamine levels sp**ike** ~~to~~ **in the reward** ~~rewarm~~ system ~~to~~ **hot spots** . But if you eat that same dish many days in a **row**(连续) ~~roll~~, dopamine levels will **spike** less and less and eventually ~~level in~~ **leveling** out. That's because when is comes to food, the brain ~~evolves~~ **evolved** to ~~its~~ **pay** special attention to new or different tastes. Why? Two reasons: First, to detect the food ~~is good or~~ **that's gone** bad. And second, because ~~of~~ the **more** variety ~~that~~ we **have in our** diet, the more likely we are to get all the **nutrients** we need. To keep that variety up, we need to be able to recognise a new food and more importantly, we need to **want to** keep eating new foods, and that's why the dopamine levels off when ~~the~~ **a** food becomes boring. 

Now back to that meal, what happens if **in** place **of the** healthy, balanced dish, you eat sugar-rich food ~~and ,~~ **instead？** if you really eat sugar **or don't eat** ~~your dopamine~~ much at **a** time, the ~~affect~~ **effect** is similar to **that of** the balanced meal. But if you eat too much, the dopamine response **does not** ~~just now~~ level off. In other words, eating lots of sugar~~s~~ **will continue to feel rewarding.** ~~working continue to feel rewarming,~~ In this way, sugar **behaves** a little bit like **a drug** ~~your drugs~~, it's one reason people seem~~ed~~ to be **hooked** ~~hold down~~ sugary foods.

So think back to all these different kinds of sugar, each one is **unique,** ~~you need~~ but every time any sugar is consumed, ~~a cake~~ **it kickstarts a domino effect in** ~~dopamine affecting~~ the brain that ~~spots~~ **that sparks a rewarding** feeling. Too much, ~~to~~ **too** often, and things can go **in**to overdrive. So yes, ~~often consumption~~ **overconsumption** of sugar can have **addictive effects** ~~affect~~ on **the** brain. But ~~eating a~~ **a wedge (楔子) of** cake once in a while ~~will~~ **won't**  hurt you.

# Why Do People Fear the Wrong Things?
- [Why Do People Fear the Wrong Things?](https://www.ted.com/talks/gerd_gigerenzer_why_do_people_fear_the_wrong_things/up-next)
- 2020.05.30

"A new Drug reduces the risk of heart attacks by 40%", "Shark attacks are up by a factor of two", "Drinking a liter of soda per day doubles your chance of developeing cancer".

These are all examples of relative risk. A common way, risk is presented in news articles. Risky evaluation is complicated tangle (乱糟糟的一堆, 混乱) of statistical thinking and personal preference. One common ~~sumpling~~ **stumbling (摇摇晃晃或跌跌撞撞的) block** ~~book, it~~ is the difference between relative risks like ~~to~~ **these** and what ~~they~~ **are** call**ed** ~~,~~ absolute risks. 

Risk is the likelihood that **an** event will occur. It can be expressed ~~at~~ **as either a** percentages. For example, that heart attacks occur in 11% of men between **the** ages **of** 60 and 79, or as rate, that 1 in 2 million divers along Australia**'s** west**ern** coast will suffer a ~~fear~~ **fatal** shark bite ~~in~~ each year. These numbers express the absolute risk of heart attacks and shark attacks in ~~its~~ **these** groups. Changes in risk can be expressed in relative or absolute terms. For example, ~~few~~ **a review in** 2009 found ~~the will~~ **that mammography screenings**(乳房X光检查) reduce**d** the number of **breast cancer deaths** ~~test~~ from 5 women in 1000 and to 4. The absolute risk ~~production~~ **reduction** was about 0.1%, but the relative ~~production~~ **reduction** from 5 **case of** cancer~~s~~ mortality(死亡) to 4 is 20%. Based on ~~the~~ reports of ~~the~~ **this** higher number, people overestimate**d** the impact of **screening**.

To see why the difference between the two ways of expressing risks matters, let's consider the ~~heart attacks~~ **hypothetical** example **of a** ~~. Offer the~~ drug that reduces heart attack~~s~~ risk~~s~~ by 40%. Imagine that **out of a** group of 1000 people who didn't take the new drug, 10 would have heart attacks, the absolute ~~rate~~ **risk** is 10 out of 1000 or 1%. If a similar group of 1000 people did take the drug, the number of heart attacks would be 6, in other words, the drug could prevent 4 out of 10 ~~from~~ heart attacks, a relative risk ~~preduction~~ **reduction**  of 40%, meanwhile, the absolute risk only ~~drops~~ **dropped** from 1% to 0.6%, but the 40% relative risk decreased sound*8s** a lot more significant. 

Surely, preventing event **a handful** of ~~han~~ heart attacks or any other negative ~~about comes~~ **outcome,** is worthwhile, isn't it? Not necessarily. The problem is that choices that reduce some risks can put you in the path of others, suppose the heart- attack drug~~s of~~ cause**d** cancer one half to 1% to patient**s**, in our group of 1000 people, 4 heart attacks ~~will~~ **would** be prevented by taking the drug~~s~~, but there would be 5 new cases of cancer, the relative ~~preduction~~ **reduction** in heart attack~~s~~ risk~~s~~ sound**s sustantial** , and the absolute risks of cancer sound**s** small, but they work out **to** about the same number of cases.

In real life, everyone individual evaluation of risk **will vary** ~~very~~ depend**ing** on their personal ~~circustances~~ **circumstances**. If you know you have **a**family history of heart disease~~s~~, you might be more strongly ~~motivative~~ **motivated** to take the medication that will lower you heart-attack risk~~s~~. Even knowing **it provided** ~~the~~ only a small reduction in absolute risk~~s~~. Sometimes we have to decide between the ~~explosing~~ **exposing ourselves** to risks~~,~~ that **aren't directly** ~~to~~ comparable. If, for example, the heart attack~~s~~ drug~~s~~ ~~carry~~ **carried** a higher risk of **debilitating** but not **life-threatening, side effect like migraines** ~~rating affects and~~ **rather than** cancer, our evaluation of whether that ~~the~~ risk is worthy taking **might change**. And sometimes ~~that~~ **there** isn't necessarily **a** right choice. Some might say~~s~~, even a **minuscule**(小写字；草写小字) shark attack is worth avoiding because all you **'d miss out on is an ocean swim** ~~isn't swimming~~ while others wouldn't **even** consider skipping **a** swim to avoid **an objectively** tiny risk **of** shark attack. For all thest reasons, risk evaluation is tricky **at baseline,** ~~based on mind, at~~ **and** reporting on risk can be misleading, especially, when **it** ~~we~~ share**s** some numbers in absolute terms and others in relative terms. Understanding how these measures work will help you cut through **some of** the confusion and better evaluate risk.


# 相关文章
> - {% post_link TED-TrySomethingNewfor30days Try Something New for 30 days %} 